hey how's it going Dave 2d here so the
one plus six is supposed to come out
relatively soon sometime in q2 of 2018
is a prior look mid to late June as my
guess and there's been a lot of rumors
as to what its gonna look like what it's
gonna be like etc but because of the
launch of the Oppo r15 and the vivo x21
both of those are phones made by the
same parent company BBK and because in
the past some of the oneplus phones have
looked a lot like the Oppo phones people
think like hey it's gonna be like that's
the phone that's the oneplus X but I
disagree I actually don't think that's
what its gonna be like we saw this
picture leaked at the end of February
and a lot of people dismissed it because
it just didn't really look like the
classic oneplus phone and it just didn't
look like the Oppo r15 leaked that were
happening but I just think this is the
real one plus 6 I made a 3d model based
on this picture just to kind of get a
sense of what it would feel like and
just kind of the placement of things
based on that photo and this is what it
looks like it's obviously not amazing
this is one of my very first attempts at
modeling anything but I thought I'd show
you ok I think the 1 plus 6 is gonna
look quite different from those other 2
Chinese phones I think it's gonna look
more classically 1 plus with the camera
right in the middle lined up with the
fingerprint sensor now my reasoning is
this when the oneplus 5 launched a lot
of publications and reviewers really
liked the phone it so it was a really
good phone but there was one issue that
I think everyone kind of talked about
and was its similarities in aesthetics
to Apple's iPhone 7 and there was a
little bit of backlash to this I don't
think oneplus enjoyed the criticism but
they're different from your average
Chinese phone manufacturer they try to
bring their stuff into North America
they try to bring their stuff into other
markets outside of Asia and when you get
that type of criticism as a company like
oneplus where you actually care about
public perception of your brand and
public perception of what you try to do
with your phones I don't think they're
going to do that mistake again
I don't think they want to be criticized
for copying apples I really think that
their design is not gonna look like the
Oppo ar-15 or the vivo x21 it's gonna
look like that leaked from a while ago
we're looking at dual cameras vertically
stacked with a fingerprint sensor on the
back but new for this year is the
material so instead of that sandstone
finish that we start with the original
oneplus phones or the anodized aluminum
that we saw with like the newer
generation of phones they're going with
something completely different this
looks to be a glass back so something
more similar to a samsung phone now
there's the possibility it's a ceramic
material we've seen oneplus work with
ceramics on the
the oneplus X but it just seems unlikely
see under the essential phone any kind
of ceramic phone it's just a heavier
phone and on a larger phone like the
oneplus 6 it's just I doubt they'll be
using ceramic my guess is it'll be glass
the other thing I noticed is that the
notification switch looks like it's
gonna be positioned on the right so
every single one plus phone we've ever
had before has had that notification
switch on the left like that slider
where you can mute the notifications and
stuff it now looks like it's positioned
on the right just above the power button
okay let's talk about the display the
display is probably its most prominent
change and it looks like it's gonna have
a notch and I think this is something
that's quite polarizing some people hate
the notch some people are tolerant of it
some people might even like it but
regardless the notch seems to be
creeping into the Android space more and
more so we saw it first on the central
phone I think we did it quite well they
were the first people to do it but with
that tiny notch it seemed okay
and then the iPhone 10 kind of brought
it into mainstream I don't know how I
feel about it like on one hand I've seen
so much of it that I've gone too used to
it but at the same time it's a notch and
aesthetically speaking objectively
speaking it's just it's not a pretty
thing regardless of how you spin it
but it is what it is I feel like Android
has just kind of adopted the notch we're
even seeing knotch support in the
Android peppermint Developer Preview so
yeah I feel like it's gonna be a thing
now the good thing is the one plus six
is probably gonna use an OLED panel so
the blacks will be quite black it'll
help to mask the notch but it's still a
notch okay headphone jack it's gonna be
on there there's no way that oneplus is
gonna remove the headphone jack for the
oneplus X two reasons one I mean it is
one plus they take pride in the fact
that they have a headphone jack but the
big thing for me is one plus is huge in
India I think they're like one of the if
not the most prominent like luxury brand
of smartphones there and I mean they
love the headphone jack they're you
remove that you're just gonna decimate
your your audience so they're not gonna
do that
oneplus X is gonna have a headphone jack
okay I want to talk about pricing that's
the last thing we've seen price creep up
very slowly over the course of these
phones and they basically go up by like
30 or 40 bucks every iteration now if
you follow that trend if you kind of
follow that pricing history the oneplus
six should theoretically be like five
hundred and thirty bucks but I just
don't think they'll do it once they
cross that five hundred dollar barrier
for like the base model the 64 gig model
it feels like a different phone you just
can't call it like a you know less than
$500
I feel like the 64 gig model will still
be 499 but that's just a wild guess to
be honest it's like an educated guess
okay hope you guys enjoy this video
thumbs if you liked it subs you loves it
see you guys next time
[Music]